Auntie, what's the matter with you?
Who are we?
Yining
It used to be mom's fault
Can you forgive mom?
Chairperson Xu
I now have a baby and Yunting
Besides, I've been alone since I was a child
I'm used to living without my parents
I won't need it anymore.
Auntie, help Auntie persuade
aunt
It's all my fault
I've done too many things to hurt him
Auntie, I understand how you feel.
But I respect your choice more.
How much he used to crave affection
How disappointed I am now
Give him some more time.
I don't know if Gu Kai has been released
Ah, what's wrong?
Don't call me mom
You liar
Mom, what are you talking about?
What's it called?
I have investigated it clearly.
Yining is my real daughter
Get out of here
Maybe you don't get a penny of everything.
Mom